Hello friends with you car your 74
Today is my morning on the review ZIL
53 131 here that is his novel so to speak
corporals threw it unfinished then
he said he was tired of everything and he
retired here there is a view from the cockpit
the camera does not spin just leaves
cockpit and so in appearance but it can be seen
what is a flaw ie texture
disgusting here some kind of horrible
the black shadow behind the cabin is also unclear
what is the reason you know because of me
unattractive that is i don't know here
probably like an amateur but I like that
I don’t know I don’t like him absolutely
I have that that the first node did not like
131 and 130 that is, they are all not
they all have one more drive
back so we look that the body is put
great body what makes us
dumpier 3
yes the body works guys
great so remove the body put the file well
naturally
that is, milk is written
disgusting how disgusting
moves the cabin is generally disgusting in
reading that he will bend now yes you can
You can refuel diesel guys or
gasoline but in winter mostly mostly
driving on gasoline
I always have one person all the way
he writes me and the wheels forgot to have wheels
standard failure wheels
wheels by the way in the body
to take off let's stop by logging and
try to stock up I think it is
hopelessness that is if so he ural not
did normal yes that is functional
there is no
I do not know why he threw it away
maybe yes indeed man
was going to retire to leave and it was
so he gave it to him so to speak
please get it even there
screenshots are not posted where I will lay out
here apparently the man was even lazy
Screenshots do the way I have mode
simulators say no how about myself I
turned on he has four-wheel drive there
the differential which is in principle
absent but it is a defect
flaw that is more accurately not
flaw and imperfection begin to 1 person
and gave you so to speak
here you use these pies
in general, something like this guys and you were
Karabash 74 with its red review
on zil 53 131 subscribe to the channel
subscribe to public vk
unforgettable to put huskies guys to everyone
good luck everyone bye